The rules for bubble SVGs: they have to be renderable by svg2cairo.py. This almost certainly means that they don't have any complex SVG constructs in, and they don't use transforms. Inkscape has an appalling habit of applying transforms to everything and I wish they'd pack it in. You can avoid this, mostly, by making sure you don't have any groups (`<g>` elements) in your SVG, and saving as "simple SVG" rather than "Inkscape SVG". This includes the "Layer 1" group that Inkscape seems determined to add.

Test whether we can correctly render it with `python3 svg2cairo.py whatever.bubble.svg whatever.png` and see if `whatever.png` looks right.

There are two magic sorts of elements in bubble SVGs. The first is a box that text goes in. Text will be automatically made as large as possible while still fitting in this box. It needs to be an SVG `rectangle` element, and its `id` needs to be `textbox`. If you don't define one then things will probably blow up, so don't do that.

The second are rotateable elements. These are mainly used for the "pointer" part of a speech bubble, etc. Basically, these need to define two things: a rotation centre point (defined with `inkscape:transform-center-x="123" inkscape:transform-center-y="456"` attributes on an element`), and a "hot point", which is the point that you're allowed to drag around to change where the speech bubble points to (defined rather unintuitively as a `graven:hotpoint_index="1"` attribute on a path). The hotpoint index is the point at that index in the `d` attribute of this path. You will also need to define the `graven` namespace, by adding `xmlns:graven="https://www.kryogenix.org/code/graven"` to the `<svg>` element.